to see in soria no no no no soriano in
goal area that does not say voice of
favored almost with the Russian staff what
did define first by diverting the
trajectory of the ball good pique
from the point of the area towards
to the left of the Atlanta set
the one who can not is pospisil and already
trying to close but I was late going
along the way he touches the middle wine to
that this goal the second club crest
for robert to what was the low up
until old man tacuri goes bonus to the lost
in door of old and half turn area
that inside bounce at the hands of
archer good by gallardo who guessed the
intention and stayed with the most clear
of the pass with dry
touch and go good with and you have to paste the
wedge got stuck with already against
in the göldi atlante plant against
Cordoba for me when I wanted
get in the way of wedge play
the foot and nailed it against a stick thing of
crazy the party should open up like this and
it opened like this with one more buffer for
the halftime I went backwards it
interposed córdoba the mind against a
stick up the 910 nothing happened in the
party because it did not generate situations
Atlanta risk had it under control
villa san carlos and an action totally
unfortunate for the second central
with the intention of rejecting the
another side to the other side did not
more than introducing the ball inside
his own bows but with a bombshell
very strong was he got close to the post
right of the goalkeeper hit that nothing could
do and that's why the surprise the cry of
relief and the uneasiness of people should
continue to stand marked by the way
see what play he plays for bombs that
wants the scorer came to soriano
Soriano
on the other side the auction bounces
soriano looking for a bread that he gave to the
bow bounced on the way the deployment
ball still seven minutes
from the auction of this three bombs
lópez that the goal the second for the
sorianos blond the longhair up to
archer left him remains soriano where
was hit goal
the soriano striker
the bohemian goal of atlanta where you went
Victor blow the ball to you
brothers strokes for the length was the
ball to the scorer to 9 all to 9 andrey
soriano in 72 for atlanta but for
villa san carlos
the applause for soriano a ball that
blow goes confident and yet
he loses it incredibly believing that
I was going to keep the ball and it 's segovia
here in the head who appears by
in front of the guard that does not let him
staying with that ball risks the
hit start and then a goal scorer
as soriano that is always pending
of some mistake of some bounce
to convert the second as much and bring
tranquility to the bohemian golfer
number 5 of soriano in the championship
top scorer both number 51 I just
overcome carlos bonet
the 10 kingdom of the kingdom
how close would it be to the framework for
cross it
interesting interventions was
the kingdom in this second time
the last one of them not with an auction
a mark
insistent by the player of
villa san carlos
and this auction barely got any paint
crosspiece covered as it was said
previously in hides and here we already take
ties at any time ball
for castrated the first for the castro
I hook that cute caste
what definition
hello I am from Matías Castro came in and in the
first hooked for street hooked
for there and punt a stick and a goal
minute 24 to the sea I take 3 to 0 win what
sent with this kid the son of the pp that
they hit them more or less like that the pp and pucho
your uncle will be hitting your chest
this is my cute chicken hook very
good gambeta habilitad and ximo very well
the line judge the existing habits
they have been right so far
in the afternoon because after this
hook and this shot at the near post is
had played the second something logical
the goalkeeper hit the post's aid and
why this shout this celebration with another
scorer with Andres Soriano first of 4
in the championship goal number 13 of
Atlanta in the tournament and goal number 3 in
his 32 games we talked about Castro said
of pp functions by the villa
for you
zárate comes the 18 zárate hitch the 18
zárate to where zárate to everything cortita
so that French comes back for
cerati all down the central street but
such area tops off out outside
yes yes it was pretty clear yes
It was enabled very good play to
better we asked cerati that the long
before however the play prospered
and Roberta missed a
very clear chance to discount
This is a very good rating
above the crossbar in one position
unbeatable loses soriano the
recovery no longer lifts her to the
right to see if in the end one arrives
more can leave the center comes the
center for soriano before castro when
it would not be back bow throw